MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 EA-Trader-1

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

DISCLAIMER:
Trading financial instruments carries a high level of risk and may not be 
suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you 
as well as for you. Before deciding to trade, you should carefully consider 
your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. There is 
a possibility that you may sustain a loss of some or all of your investment. 
Therefore, you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You 
should be aware of all the risks associated with trading and seek advice from 
an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts.

Past performance is not indicative of future results. No representation is 
being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses 
similar to those discussed in any material on this software. The actual 
performance experienced by traders may vary significantly.
